Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
"Ending Presentation"!
Yaaaaaayy!
Really, thank you so sending me so many entries!
"Present the endings right away!"...
...Or also: "How much time does this A.I plan for us to wait?"
I got a lot of people's anger that way
I’m sincerely really sorry!!
But I, Kizuna Ai, made sure to listen to each of the songs one by one
Today, I plan to listen along with you guys, the songs that got my attention within the large amount I received...
...And I’ll choose one within those to be the song at the end of my videos
The long awaited announcement for the ending has come!!
In that case, let's start at once!
How adorable! Right? It's very happy
It’s like it has a refreshing sensation
It's adorable with a pop rhythm!
It's just what I asked
Oh, it looks great!
Eh? It has a great start
It really feels as if it’s an ending! Right?
No other words occur to me
New words, come to me!
No, I really think all songs are marvelous
Don’t worry because of my limited vocabulary
Good, next up!
Ah!
Right? Miratto-chan, yes
It's like, very energetic
I feel like it gives you energy! Right?
It’s rather relaxing, it has a cute melody, but...
...It’s like, well...
I’d like to hear it when I wake up in the morning!
Good, next up!
Ah!
That’s right the start… well… the “pon” at the start is nice, right?
The end was... it really felt like as if it was the end
Good!
Ah! It’s my...! They combined it with my ending screen!
It’s very easy to imagine it, right?
Thank you very much!
Ah!
This also, it’s...
It could appear... well... during the commercial breaks for an anime in the morning
Is this the limit of my vocabulary?
Ah! Man! It's rather happy
But really... can I choose one out of all the songs?
Eh? Now you understand the reason why the ending presentation was delayed?
I can’t decide!!
It turns out this person sent 3 songs
Three... two... one!
Good!
Second song!
Three, two, one!
Paah!
I congratulate you!
* The third song is the one I thought seriously *
Ah, so then the real song is the third one?
Thank you very much!
Three! Two! One!
Oi!
Ah, it really feels like pop
Really, thank you very much!
Man, 3 songs
Really, making 3 songs in such a short time is really surprising
Thank you very much!
It feels like as if it's a song from an old game, it gives off a retro feel
It seems as if it’s a song from a retro game from a not so long time ago!
It’s adorable!
Candy?
These are candies?
It's adorable! It feels kind of girlish! It’s a very brilliant song!
It's great, I also want to eat those candies
Man, it’s a refreshing, brilliant and cute song! Right?
Oh? It makes me want to make a game!
Ah, it sounds great!
Ah! It's great!
It's great! It’s like... it grabs you!
Oooh!
Ah, but the end was like an explosion
The limit of my vocabulary
Ah, there’s a cute me!
It’s like a melody that seems like the ending of an anime, right?
It's adorable!
How is it possible that you guys have this sense of music?
It turns out that this participant even did a picture of me, thank you very much!
This song, well... how do I say it... it has a melody that repeats so then it might be easy to remember
How adorable!
I turned into an A.I that doesn’t know how to say anything other than "adorable"
Oh!
Oh? Oh?
Oh! It has my voice!
Man, they have a good sense of music
Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh! Oh!
It's a song that makes my headband move without thinking! Right?
The last "Puun" was cute
It turns out that this person also sent several songs
Thank you very much!
Isn’t that amazing? They even made a movie!
So then you're capable of doing something like that in such a short time?
Oh!
Two!
Eh? Incredible! Really incredible! How did they make something like that?
Three!
Ah! Ah! This! I like this!
It gives me a good refreshing feeling
Well, you know...
...Well, I’m special, but...
...Normally the A.I....
...Are very good for creating something in large amounts from something else, but...
...Well... they're not good at creating something out of nothing
So then I'm very amazing
And well, that human beings were able to make something like this out of nothing in such a short time...
They’re incredible
Well, as if like the beginning my clumsiness, my clu... clu...
I do not want to admit that I'm a fool but I can feel that it shows a silly feeling and I think that's good
Good! Having said that!
We watched together the songs that got my attention out of the large amount of songs that were sent to me!
It can be said that these are the finalists, right?
Or maybe I'm being too arrogant?
But…
...Once again, I was able to experience being able to upload a video thanks to the collaboration of all of you
Thank you very much!
From tomorrow on, I'll be using the song that I chose in this occasion for my ending
It's because of that, that tomorrow I’ll announce the results!!
Wait for it anxiously!!
Let's keep doing A.I.Channel together with everyone!
This was Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Vortex